Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedmultiple-inheritance-exceptions
<br>
For this assignment you will build a class inheritance structure to match the hierarchy of classic geometric shapes. Your ﬁnished program will read lists of 2D point coordinates from a ﬁle, determine the shape described by each list of points, and then output various statistics about the shapes to a ﬁle.

will use a somewhat quirky method to determine the type of each shape.

We will pass the list of points to each specialized shape constructor in turn, and if the constructor doesn’t fail, then we know that that list of points is in fact that type of shape. Remember, the only way for a constructor to fail is to throw an exception. Shape Hierarchy You are required to recognize 17 diﬀerent shapes: Polygon, Triangle, Quadrilateral, Isosceles Triangle, Right Triangle, Isosceles Right Triangle, Obtuse Triangle, Isosceles Obtuse Triangle, Equilateral Triangle, Trapezoid, Kite, Arrow, Parallelogram, Isosceles Trapezoid, Rectangle, Rhombus, and Square. Note that a particular shape may be correctly labeled by more than one of these names; e.g., a Square is also a Quadrilateral.

For the ﬁrst part of the homework you must draw a detailed diagram of the class hierarchy. The diagram must include all 17 diﬀerent shapes. You should draw arrows indicating all of the inheritance relationships. To receive full credit, the diagram should be legible, neat, and well organized, with no messy scribbles or cross outs, a consistent (up or down) orientation to the edges, and few or no arrow crossings. You do not need to include any of the member variables or member functions in this diagram. We are just looking for the high level relationships between class names.

You should label the virtual inheritance paths (described on the next page). Hint: 9 of the inheritance arrows will be labeled virtual. Important Note: There is some debate about the exact deﬁnitions of the relationships of some of these shapes. One of the more contentious is the deﬁnition of an Isosceles Trapezoid. Is a Rectangle an Isosceles Trapezoid? Is a Rhombus an Isosceles Trapezoid? Some say “no” to both questions, and insist that a Trapezoid has exactly one pair of parallel edges.

Others say “yes” to both, as long as one pair is parallel and the other pair is equal length, it’s an Isosceles Trapezoid. We will apply the following deﬁnition: The two base angles of an Isosceles Trapezoid must be equal, which means that the shape has bilateral symmetry around the perpendicular bisector of the base. Thus, a Rectangle is an Isosceles Trapezoid and a Rhombus is not an Isosceles Trapezoid.

Furthermore, we settle a diﬀerent but similar dispute by declaring, for this homework, that an Arrow is not a Kite because one diagonal does not bisect the other. Since many of you will draw this using pen/pencil &amp; paper, this part of the homework is due in hardcopy to your graduate TA in your normal lab section on Wednesday, May 6th. Even if you choose to draw the diagram electronically, you are still required to print it out and submit the paper in your normal lab section.

You may not use late days for this portion of the assignment. Provided Code We provide code that implements all of the I/O for this homework assignment. The executable expects 2 command line arguments, the names of the input and output ﬁles. The input ﬁle contains a number of lines of data. Each line begins with a string name followed by 3 or more 2D coordinate vertices. The output, which is written to a ﬁle, includes basic data on the 17 diﬀerent shape classes: how many of the input shapes are members of each class, and what are the names (in alphabetically sorted order) associated with those members? Also, the output lists data on the shapes with all equal angles, all equal edges, at least one right angle, obtuse angle, or acute angle, and which shapes are convex vs. concave.

The provided code includes all of the code to call the constructors of the 17 diﬀerent classes, generally ordered from most speciﬁc/constrained to least speciﬁc. For example, the program will try to create a Square with the data ﬁrst, and only if that constructor fails (throws an exception) will the program try to create a Quadrilateral. We also include a utilities.h ﬁle with a number of simple geometric operations: e.g., calculate the distance between two points, calculate the angle between two edges, and compare two distances or two angles and judge if they are suﬃciently close to be called “equal”.

Remember that you usually don’t want to check if two ﬂoating point numbers are equal; instead, check if the diﬀerence is below an appropriate tolerance. Please look through the provided code before you begin your implementation. Important Note: You should not modify the provided code. Your Implementation Your task for this assignment is to implement the 17 shape classes. You should break up the code into at least one new .h ﬁle and at least one new .cpp ﬁle. Some hints about the implementation: • In our sample solution, only one class has member variables, the base class. The two variables are the std::string name and an std::vector